[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
so on saturday there was dc fandom as
well as our restore the snyderverse
event
now i know some of you were hoping that
the schneiderverse or the aircut were
going to be announced at dc fandom and
because they weren't you're feeling a
bit down well today i will be reviewing
how the trending event went and why what
happened was actually a real success if
you want to know my full thoughts on dc
fandom check out my previous video where
i review the entire event
now on with the video so on saturday at
3 14 pm for me the trending event
started just around 2 hours 45 minutes
before dc fandom started by the time
fandom began we had hit 200 000 tweets
which is phenomenal
then as the event started i and many
others were watching dc fandom so our
attention started to pull away from the
trending event and more on the cool
trailers they were releasing
but
that didn't last for long so by the end
of fandom we were on 316
000 tweets if you compare that to the
other dc properties at that time the
batman was on 245 000 tweets the flash
on 63 800
and dc fandom on 573
000 tweets so restored the snyder verse
was talked about more than the flash and
the batman combined at that point in
time both of those had a teaser or a
trailer of some sort and both had a
panel on dc fandom the snyder verse did
not the snyder verse was only talked
about because us the fans talked about
it no promotional information nothing
just us asking a studio to restore the
snyder verse now yes it was
disappointing that nothing was mentioned
at dc fandom however there are two
things to think about
the first is that every scene that was
shown of the justice league was from the
snyder cut and not from whedon's cuts
that emphasizes even more that the
snyder cut is canon which is promising
for us the second is that the warner
brothers discovery merger happens next
year so it was highly unlikely to see
anything this year from warner brothers
all our tweets and display of demand is
preparation for discovery's arrival i
can guarantee you that they were
watching how fans were reacting at dc
fandom
they would have seen
316 000 tweets were about a dc property
that isn't even being used
they will be noting that down i just
want to quickly mention that my snide
reverse store is now up and available so
if you wish to check out the merchandise
the link will be in the description
below the profits of certain products
will be donated to the american
foundation for suicide prevention so not
only can we get the restore the snow
diverse message out there but we can
also support a great cause anyway back
to the video the key is to not give up
just because we didn't see anything at
fandom not only was it extremely
unlikely to happen but we had to wait
three years until warner brothers
released the snyder cut we have only
just gone over six months
now i'm not saying it will take us three
years but i'm saying if you want to see
the snyder verse restored don't expect
it to happen right away and please don't
give up if it doesn't happen when you
think it would happen businesses are
very tactical as to when they announce
things
they won't just go oh the fans want the
snyder verse let's restore the snyder
verse right away
they will take their time and work out
all the pros and cons of the situation
to see if it is financially sensible
when would they announce the news
when would they start pre-production
when would snyder be able to come back
what are schneider's demands
would the cast be able to return and if
so when can they come back
and those are just some of the questions
i haven't even mentioned all the
financial ones there will be behind the
doors meetings before we hear anything
so for all we know there could be a
meeting between discovery and zack
snyder right now you never know it is a
long process that takes time we are here
for the long run but that doesn't mean
we just sit and wait we need to be
proactive we need to show them that the
demand for the snyder verse wasn't just
a phase we need to show them that this
is a real movement and a large amount of
fans who want to see what happens next
i've seen people worry about the rumors
that the flash will reset everything and
so the snide of us won't be able to be
restored
that is not the case
think of it like this
if they make the snyder verse canon and
don't erase the snyder cut then zack
snyder can adapt his story to include
the current dc characters and storylines
for his justice league 2 and 3.
if they do erase the snyder cut with the
flash film then the multiverse still
exists so the snyder verse can be
restored through the use of the
multiverse which would disconnect the
snyder verse from the films that erased
the snyder cuts
the snyder verse is not reliant on other
new dc films it can use them in the new
story but it is not vital to the
survival of the snyder verse in the
chinese version of dc fandom the flash
panel was longer and we got an interview
from andy muschetti and this is what he
had to say it's also
very very special that our all
multiverse
it's not just um a multiverse of of
characters it's a multiverse of
of
sin of
films
it's a cinematic multiverse uh as you
might already like uh
know by
you know looking at the names like there
that are that are showing up like
michael keaton uh reprising his royal
batman
uh
it's very exciting and one of the
reasons that i i
got closer and closer to this through
this project it was like the the unique
nature
of
this uh
of this you know
juxtaposition of
of filming so he says that the
multiverse isn't just a multiverse of
characters but also a multiverse of
films
that means the snyder cut can be in the
multiverse also the chinese version of
dc phantom included many more snyder cut
shots which were not included in the
american version
i believe this is down to the warner
brothers american branch
they are the ones who do not want the
snyder verse they were the only accounts
who didn't promote the snyder cut and
they tried their very best to do that at
dc fandom 2
which emphasizes the fact that the
discovery merger is our best hope
zack snyder also helped out with the
trending event with giving geralt of
schneiderverse an exclusive
behind-the-scenes image of green lantern
as well as giving wayne t carr another
exclusive image of his green lantern
remember that these shots were shot at
zack snyder's house late last year zack
snyder didn't think the snyder verse was
a possibility or if he didn't want to
return then why would he give two brand
new images to a snyder verse fan and a
cast member to post on the trending day
event
he thinks it's a possibility and he
wants to return so we need to think the
same
patience is the key
if you ever lose motivation and want to
give up just watch the last hour of the
snyder cut and come back
every time i watch that final hour i
want to see the snyder verse more and
more so overall the trending event was a
huge success it may not look like it now
but when the snyder verse is restored we
will look back at this time and realize
how important these trending events are
but that is all for today's video thank
you so much for watching please make
sure to like and subscribe and turn on
post notifications so you never miss a
video i hope to see you here again soon
so until then have a great day bye
[Music]